today i am going to explain an action adventure
fantasy film called d war spoilers
ahead watch out and take care
at the beginning of the movie a voice merits that
many people think the time of dragons is over
but in reality it has only just begun every 500
years a woman with a mystical spirit power is
born she has the ability to turn a serpent into a
mightiest dragon of all the nature of the serpent
will define the fate of the world as a good
serpent will use its power to protect the universe
but an evil one will use it to destroy the world
the voice concludes by saying that now is the time
for the spirit to be alkened the scene cuts to an
accident site in los angeles a massive tent has
been formed on the ground and the cause is unknown
a man being escorted out yells that a beast has
risen several police officers investigate the
place trying to collect evidence a reported named
ethan kendrick arrives at the site and shoots
a video of a scale-like pattern on the ground
ethan is now back in his office but cannot stop
looking at the scale it reminds him of a story
his mentor jack told him 15 years ago when he was
just a kid ethan's father once took ethan to an
antique shop that belonged to a man named jack
there he had seen the same skill and a strange
light coming from inside a box smoke from inside
the box washes over ethan and jack realized
what is happening he fakes a heart attack and
send ethan's father a way to get medicines to
talk to ethan alone jack then tells ethan about
the legend of emoji emoji which translates to
dragon in english are mystical creatures who
lived in heaven with their flowers every 500 years
one emoji is rewarded for their good deeds with
a chance to become a celestial dragon a dragon
more powerful than all others but for that the
emoji will have to receive the gift of you you
from heavens 500 years ago a similar opportunity
was provided to the serpents but among them was
an evil emoji named buraki who wanted to possess
ue jew for himself so he could spread his evil
to the world heaven didn't want to give buraki
such powers so they sent yo e jew to the earth
back in 1057 ue jew landed in a small village in
korea heaven then sent its best warriors both whom
and his student haram to protect the ue jew from
buraki however the evil buraki wouldn't back down
until he got yu ejoo a girl named narin was born
with a tattoo on her shoulder which meant that she
was chosen to withhold yo ejo when naren turned 20
the ue joe inside her would be completely formed
from an early age the protector of ue bochum
trained haram to protect naren and taught him
everything he needed to know about emoji he gave
haram a medallion that would protect him as a
naren's savior eventually haram and narin fell in
love with each other the day she turned 20 their
village was attract by an army sent by buraki to
abduct narin they destroyed the whole village and
killed whoever got in their way the soldiers then
checked every girl's shoulder to look for the mark
and found nare they abducted her but haram came
to her rescue and managed to take her away to a
waterfall bochum ran to the waterfall to find
haram's madeleine on the ground narin and haram
had run away together enraged and disparate to
get the ue the evil buraki pursued them himself
the two raced a cliff and were about to get caught
they jumped off the cliff committing suicide
leaving buraki to wait for another 500 years
for you e jew to be born after telling the story
jack shows ethan a mark on his arm claiming that
he is bochum's reincarnation and ethan is haram's
reincarnation he then hands ethan the same
medallion and tells him to always keep it near
the girl with ue jew has already been said to the
earth and is named sarah they have to find and
save her from buraki in this life as well back in
the present ethan is still in his office he asked
his colleagues named bruce to look for a girl
named sarah who was born with a dragon tattoo
on her shoulder bruce loves saying that there
are thousands of sarah in la the scene cuts to
sara exacing in a gym she had her friend watch the
news and see ethan reporting about the scale that
was found that morning the news unsettles sara so
she quickly rushes out of the gym meanwhile agent
frank pinsky who is investigating the finding of
the scale goes to meet a scientist studying it
they have found out that the scale is harder than
diamond and seems to be of an unsigned reptile
no one has ever seen such a substance before
so they don't have much idea about its origin
sara has an unsettling feeling and feels like her
life's in danger her friend brandy assumes the
news from earlier just got into sarah's head
and invites her to go out at night tree thugs
harris sarah on the streets jack arrives
there and knocks the thugs out in mere
seconds before leaving somewhere else in a zoo
a zookeeper comes across the evil emoji buraki
throwing an elephant in the air a strange man in
black clothing watches from afar the scared jew
keeper is left speechless sarah is now at the
police station explaining how the thugs were
knocked out a reporter clicks her picture to cover
the story the reporter happens to be an ethan's
colleagues ethan get a look at the picture of
sarah and sees the tattoo on her shoulders he has
finally found the girl who bears the you ejo at
night sarah dreams of someone trying to kill her
when she wakes up she is troubled by a pain in her
chest and she calls 9-1-1 paramedics escort her to
a hospital her friend brandi and her boyfriend go
to sarah's home to back her clothes and bring them
to the hospital but they come across the giant
serpent buraki he kills brandy in one go and
continues searching for sarah the man from earlier
who happens to be the general of muraki's soldiers
is there too the following day ethan and bruce go
to sara's house which is being investigated for
brandy's murder they find out about her being in
a hospital and go to meet her ethan finally meets
sara and tells her he is there to help but as they
talk buraki circles the hospital looking for sarah
ethan and bruce managed to drive her away from the
hospital but are stopped by the general however
a car driven by jack who is discussed as a lady
saves them the fbi is investigating buraki's
attack at the hospital and finds out that
the serpent is looking for sarah agent frank
is ordered by his boss to kill the girl once he
finds her because it is the only way to stop uraki
meanwhile the general summons the army of
buraki called the atrox army it consists
of history creatures like flying dragons and
dollars jack dropped ethan and sarah to be
[ __ ] from where they go to ethan's psychologist
friend's house the doctor hypnotizes sarah and
asked her about her past life sarah remembers
her life as narin and how she loved haram
suddenly a blue light shines from within her and
she starts to float mid-air ethan calms her down
but buraki finds them there as well they get into
a car and drive away while the massive serpent
follows them the two manage to get away from
it and call bruce they meet him at a restaurant
where bruce prepares a helicopter for them so
they can fly away somewhere safe jack appears
in front of eden and asked him to take the
girl to the waterfall where a good serpent can
get hold of the ue but that would still mean
that sarah would die so either danish it suddenly
buraki approaches the restaurant making ethan
and sarah run for their lives it follows them
around the city destroying everything that comes
in its way the duo messages to get on the roof of
skyscraper where they board a helicopter but
before they can take off the massive serpent
sliders up the building and catches the helicopter
in its mouth ethan and sarah jump back on the roof
as the helicopter goes flying on the ground
and explodes the officials have concluded the
situation as an emergency and sent several army
choppers to fight buraki as the choppers fire
at the creature ethan and sarah run away the army
choppers somehow get the best of the building but
are then attacked by the attracts army a fleet of
dragons attacks the soldiers and soon overpowers
them massive army tanks fight the crowd of dollars
but are no match to the creatures agent frank and
his associate camp bell finally find sarah and
ethan and take them to a safe building however
when they reach their frank points his gun at
sarah he has been ordered to kill her to stop
the chows campbell shoots frank dead before he
can kill sarah he believes that only sarah can
stop the buraki from coming back every 500 years
the duo then gets in a car and drives away after
the city in hopes of escaping but the attracts
army finds them they are eventually abducted and
brought to buraki's hiding ethan is ties to a pole
while sarah is late for buraki to consume the ue
jew in her they are surrounded by the atrox army
and have no way to escape now the general summons
buraki who approaches sarah to get the uh but
suddenly a light flashes upon ethan's medallion
the medallion's power is released which lets out
a strong force killing the whole attracts army and
burning them to dust but the general buraki are
left unharmed the general strikes at ethan and an
electric force coming out of the medallion kills
him too now an anchored buraki attacks the two but
is restrained by a good emoji sent from heaven
the two serpents get into an intense battle
slidering around one another they match in
strength and abilities but buraki messages
to knock out the good emoji and approaches sarah
again seeing someone as powerful as the good emoji
begin defeated sarah has no hope left she finally
accepts her fate and approaches buraki a bright
light shines from her tattoo and creates a
magical floating sphere the swear is the you ejo
before buraki can consume the sphere sarah
who can control it throws it towards the good
emoji the good emoji consumes it and turns
into the mighty dragon that buraki wished to
be sarah falls unconscious to the ground after
transforming into the dragon the good emoji is
a thousand times more powerful than buraki
it strikes at buraki and throws it to
the ground easily the dragon then tries to go
back to heaven but buraki latches on to its tail
the dragon attacks it with fire and finally kills
the best it then approaches ethan holding sara and
throws out you ejou from its mouth sarah's body
turns into a magical smoke and forms the shape
of her eternal self she tells ethan that they
will meet again someday and gets sucked into ueju
the mighty dragon consumes the ueju and files
away to heaven subscribe for more videos like
this turn on notifications and leave a like
to help the channel out thank you for watching